/*  Steven Saus

    Where does he get those wonderful Ideas?
    Making speculative Fiction Speculative
    
*/

Notes:

    The lines between sci-fi, fantacy, horror and the likes have become blurred and blended
    Emotional attatchment to characters(writer and reader) are important
    Starting with an idea and building around it is a good start
    
Exercise:

     1) Pick a topic with random image/word generator
        My pic: Birds perched on a giraffes neck
        
     2) narrow in: pick single element from picture
        Spot on the giraffe's neck, brown around the edges with a black through the middle
        
     3) repeat 1 & 2 for a cross idea
        bridge in the froest/swamp land
        Seeds along the bridge?
        
     4) blend the two into the genre in mind. 
     
            The druids of the forest have been breeding plant for years trying to build the perfect supply of grapes. 
            Their newest seed they hope will spread the borders of their winery for more sales. (Why sales? Alterior motives?)
            
            Christopher was enjoying his normal morning walk through the forest to the north of the village when he noticed the seeds.
            He identified a popping under foot that was out of the normal. As he turned to look back he noticed the trail of splatters and
            a movement...
            
            Janice worked in the greenery. An area that specialized in teraforming foreign planes to help the inhabitance of StreamsBend in the case 
            that one of the portals the mages of the township opened was less than hospitably. The latest project, a tree for the town centers. With fast
            growning, deep root systems that could connect the spreading township through the planer gaps. But the one at home hit something unbenounced to her.
            
     5) How did the pictures connect.
            
            I more imagined that the spot was a darkness spreading out into the surrounding lands and the seed was aiding to that
            spreading or a solution to something not yet seen. 
            
            Seeds can be a symbol for new life and beginings, maybe its a baby or a plant something
            
            
